# SWEET
Game Implementation:
The file main.cc is an implementation of the original game Sweet Matches.  The game is played with two standard decks of cards. A winning hand occurs when there exists an isomorphism between the dealer's three cards and the player's three cards such that the three pairings (defined by the isomorphism) each correspond to either a "NUMBER MATCH" (cards have same number), a "SUIT MATCH" (cards have same suit) or a "COMBO MATCH" (cards have same number and suit).  Note that a COMBO MATCH is possible since we are playing with two decks, thus it is possible for the dealer and player to have the exact same card.
As a result, there are ten possible winning hands in Sweet Matches.  They include SSS, NSS, CSS, NNS, CNS, CCS, NNN, CNN, CCN and CCC.  In this notation, C corresponds to combo, N corresponds to number and S corresponds to suit.
Let's look at some examples:  Say the dealer's hand is [9 Spades, 10 Diamonds, Ace Hearts].
      If the player's hand was [Jack Spades, 10 Hearts, 3 Diamonds] they would have an SSS matching. The 9 Spades of the dealer matches with the Jack Spades of the player by suit, the 10 Diamonds of the dealer matches with the 3 Diamonds of the player by suit and the Ace Hearts of the deal matches with the 10 Hearts of the player.  This is the only possible matching.  Thus the hand is a winning SSS hand.
      If the player's hand was [7 Spades, 8 Spades, Queen Spades] they would not have a winning hand.  Even though all three of the player's cards match up with the first dealers card (9 Spades) by suit, this matching does not fulfill the isomorphism property of the match pairings.  You cannot match two or more of the dealer's cards with the same card of the player, neither can you match two or more of the player's cards with the same card of the dealer.  Thus, this is a bad hand.
      If the player's hand was [10 Diamonds, Ace Spades, 2 Hearts] they would have a CSS matching.  Note the 2 Hearts of the player must be matched with the Ace Hearts of the dealer.  Then the Ace Spades of the player must be matched with the 9 Spades of the dealer.  Finally, the 10 Diamonds of the player must be matched with the 10 Diamonds of the dealer by combo (suit and number).  This is the only possible matching.
Overall, if there is more than one matching possible the player gets the most valuable hand.  Obviously CCC is more valuable than SSS, but which is more valuable when you compare CNS with NNN?  One must analyse the odds of winning each hand to reach a conclusion, as a comparison like this is not intuitive.  In fact, the conclusion would probably change depending how many suits and numbers were in your deck if you were playing with a "special" variating deck. So probability it is.
